12/6 
I have to complete complex structure stuff and the Ninjenhus tensor.
Deformations and their relation to complex structures

I think I'll skip to orientifolds.


13/6
!!Very important to have a motivation of SLag definition. How to see they are volume minimizing.
Intuition 3-form?



Uranga. How to motivate SU(3) holonomy.

We want a theory with N=1 SUSY. In TII case, we consider for the moment N=2 and then we'll 
appply the orientifold project to get N=1.

At every space-time point there is a set of 10d local supercharges. Definition of (local) supercharge?
These supercharges transform as spinors of SO(10). Why?
In type II theories there are two supercharges.
The requirement for the 4d to be SUSY is that they are globally defined on the compact space. Why?
('Cause we don't want the physics to depend on the compact space?)
Since we don't want supercharges to be rotated upon parallel transport, we want some
covariantly constant spinors to exist.
In terms of the holonomy group, a general 6d spinor would transform in the 4 or bar4 of SO(6).
To be cov. cnst. it must transform as a singlet, which means that the restriction of SO(6) to 
the holonomy group must decompose to a singlet.
A possible (unique?) option is that the holonomy group is SU(3).
How do we calculate the degree of SUSY?


Uranga. How to know if a manifold admits SU(3) holonomy metric -> Vanishing first Chern class.o

We start from a 2N-dimensional manifold. 
We define the almost-complex structure as I^2=-id.
Then if the Niejenhuis tensor vanishes, we can form local complex coordinates from I and the real local 
coordinates.

If we have a metric with only mixed non-zero components, we define a 2-form as J=g dz bar z.
Exact definition of Kahler form? The manifold is Kahler if dJ=0. In that case J is a Kahler form.
The Kahler condition is equivalent to the holonomy being a subgroup of U(N).

The holonomy being exactly SU(N) is equivalent to a vanishing first Chern class.




What is the definition of Kahler form?
Why do moduli parameters become fields? Something about summing over manifolds?


22/6/17
When do we need a compact manifold?
When does the decomposition d=part + bar part hold? Only for hermitian manifold
Why SUSY transformation is parameterized by a spinor?

Clarify the definition of an hermitian and Kahler manifold? What is the sympletic form?
Understand why things with metric are still only topological.

Why is Q an anti-commuting spinor? How does it translates into commutation relations?

Can we extrapolate RR argument outside toroidal models?

Intuition string theory: Are strings fixed. 

How natural is orientifolding? One of the many ways to obtain SM? 
Why sLags defined?

How to view moduli space as a manifold?
